events/browser-automation-challenges/index.md, before:

---
description: A coding challenge event where teams of participants write browser automation scripts to solve puzzles and complete tasks efficiently.
---

# Browser Automation Challenges

Join us for an evening of **browser automation challenges!** This event brings together automated testers, RPA specialists, and developers interested in automation for a series of engaging tasks.

Teams of participants will race to complete a variety of browser automation challenges using their preferred tools and programming languages. While the event is structured as a contest, our primary focus is on learning, sharing experiences, and exchanging techniques with fellow automation enthusiasts.

**Date:** Wednesday, November 20, 2024 @ 18:00 (+7:00) \
**Location:** Cleverse \
**Tickets:** [Eventpop](https://eventpop.me/e/62035) (sold out)

## About Browser Automation Challenges

## Format

In the event, challenges will be released one-by-one. They are simple web-based challenge that is impossible to complete manually by a human, so teams are expected to automate the browser to solve that challenge. (See below for example challenge.)

In each challenge, the teams that completed it faster will be awarded more points.

After a while (i.e. after we have the first finishers), we will reveal the solution to the challenge (the timing will depend on how quickly teams can solve the challenge), and release the next challenge. The challenge remains available to be solved until the end of the event.

At the event of the event, the points from all rounds are summed up to determine the final ranking, and awards and prizes are given accordingly.

Commit message:

feat: Add sponsors section skeleton to browser automation challenges event

events/browser-automation-challenges/index.md, after:

---
description: A coding challenge event where teams of participants write browser automation scripts to solve puzzles and complete tasks efficiently.
---

# Browser Automation Challenges

Join us for an evening of **browser automation challenges!** This event brings together automated testers, RPA specialists, and developers interested in automation for a series of engaging tasks.

Teams of participants will race to complete a variety of browser automation challenges using their preferred tools and programming languages. While the event is structured as a contest, our primary focus is on learning, sharing experiences, and exchanging techniques with fellow automation enthusiasts.

**Date:** Wednesday, November 20, 2024 @ 18:00 (+7:00) \
**Location:** Cleverse \
**Tickets:** [Eventpop](https://eventpop.me/e/62035) (sold out)

## About Browser Automation Challenges

## Sponsors

- **Sponsor Name 1**
  - **Website:** [Sponsor URL 1](https://example.com)
  - **Contribution:** Description of contribution
  - **Message:** A brief message from the sponsor

- **Sponsor Name 2**
  - **Website:** [Sponsor URL 2](https://example.com)
  - **Contribution:** Description of contribution
  - **Message:** A brief message from the sponsor

## Format

In the event, challenges will be released one-by-one. They are simple web-based challenge that is impossible to complete manually by a human, so teams are expected to automate the browser to solve that challenge. (See below for example challenge.)

In each challenge, the teams that completed it faster will be awarded more points.

After a while (i.e. after we have the first finishers), we will reveal the solution to the challenge (the timing will depend on how quickly teams can solve the challenge), and release the next challenge. The challenge remains available to be solved until the end of the event.

At the event of the event, the points from all rounds are summed up to determine the final ranking, and awards and prizes are given accordingly.
